Add --version argument (#156)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: .changesets/feat_jeffrey_add_version.md

### Add --version argument

> `apollo-mcp-server --version` will not print the version of apollo-mcp-server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`apollo-mcp-server --version` will print the version of apollo-mcp-server currently installed
```
